You will not
believe what happened
at laser tag last night.
People
freaked out because
a creepy man in a suit
wouldn't leave
their kids alone?
No.
Well, yeah,
pretty much.
(LASER GUNS FIRING)
(BARNEY LAUGHS TRIUMPHANTLY)
Come on!
(EXCLAIMING)
BOY: Ow! My shoulder!
Come on.
(EXCLAIMS IN FRUSTRATION)
Stinson, my office!
Now!
Crap.
Disorderly game play,
three counts of shoving,
and now this!
Stinson, you're a liability!
I know I don't play by
your "precious rules,"
McCracken,
but damn it,
I get results!
(BANGS TABLE)
Look,
you're a good
laser tag player,
maybe the best
I've ever seen.
But one of these days,
you're gonna get someone hurt.
Maybe even yourself.
You just forget what
it's like out there.
You've had your
fat ass stuck behind
that desk for too long.
That's it!
You're out of
here, Stinson!
Hand in your gun
and your ID badge!
With pleasure.
Please don't do this.
This game is all I got.
And I've
almost got enough tickets for
the remote-control helicopter.
Please.
I can't believe
I'm doing this.
But
I'm gonna give
you one last shot.
(SIGHING)
But so help me,
if you so much as
step one toe out of line,
you're gonna
be playing Duck Hunt
in your mama's basement
so fast it's gonna
make your head spin.
Now, get out of here!
You won't regret this.
(LAUGHS EVILLY)
(LASER GUN FIRING)
Whoa.
That's it, Stinson.
You're banned for life!
(POIGNANT MUSIC PLAYING)
No!
(SOBBING)
I can't believe you got
kicked out of laser tag.
What are you gonna do?
What am I gonna do?
I'll tell you what
Ted and I are gonna do.
We're gonna break in
after hours and TP
the place.
Barney,
we are too old to cover
a place in toilet paper
just because they won't
let you play laser tag.
And for that matter,
we're too old for
laser tag.
Ted, laser tag knows
no age restrictions.
Kind of like
stripping in
the Midwest.
Yeah, whatever.
I'm adding laser tag
to the Murtaugh list.
Oh, jeez, not
the Murtaugh list.
Yeah.
What's the Murtaugh list?
OLDER TED: The Murtaugh list
is something that came into
being
around the time I turned 30.
It all started with your
uncle Marshall's beer bong.
(CHEERING)
When
we were in our early 20s,
every time we had a party,
that beer bong came out.
And around the time we
turned 30, same thing.
Of course, in our early 20s,
the next day would go like
this.
(EXCLAIMING EXCITEDLY)
But by the time we were 30,
the next day would go like
this.
(MOANING)
Then one day,
in the throes of the
worst hangover of my life,
I realized there
was only one person
in the world that
I could relate to.
Detective
Roger Murtaugh,
played by Danny Glover in
the '80s noir masterpiece
Lethal Weapon,
known for his
oft-quoted catchphrase...
I'm too old for this...
OLDER TED: Stuff. He said,
"I'm too old for this stuff."
It's sad to admit,
but as you get older,
there's
just certain things
you can't do anymore.
That's why I have this list,
so I never
make the mistake of thinking
that I can still
pull an all-nighter.
Oh.
I'm too old
for that stuff.
Or eat an entire
pizza in one sitting.
I'm too old
for that stuff.
Or hang posters on
your wall without
frames.
Riggs. Riggs!
I'm too old
for that stuff.
By the way,
how good is
Lethal Weapon?
I don't know.
It's kind of
a rip-off.
Old guy paired up with
a young, renegade cop.
Sound familiar?
Mackleroy and LeFleur.
Don't tell me you
guys have never seen
Mackleroy and LeFleur.
It's the
greatest Canadian
action movie of all time.
Mackleroy is
a young, renegade Mountie
whose horse was just killed
by evil Americans...
Wait.
...while LeFleur, his grouchy,
old, African-Canadian partner,
just bought a cozy
ice-fishing shack...
Wait.
...in northern Alberta.
Now...
Stop it!
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
I got to go.
Bye, baby.
Have fun at practice.
Practice?
Is he doing that
one-man band thing again?
'Cause that was a bummer.
OLDER TED:
Actually, Marshall had
just taken over as coach
for Lily's
kindergarten
basketball team.
He thought it'd be fun,
but Lily saw it as
something more.
Dad practice.
Hi.
Hey! Oh, my gosh!
Orange slices.
That is so sweet.
What are you doing here?
I couldn't resist. I wanted to
see Coach Marshmallow do his
thing.
(LAUGHING) Oh! Okay.
Hey, kids,
who wants to
knock off early
and have
some of these
here orange slices?
(CHEERING)
Yeah? Well, you can't!
Because oranges are
for winners,
and you little turds haven't
even made a single shot yet!
You're embarrassing
yourselves,
you're embarrassing
Miss Aldrin,
and worst of all,
you're embarrassing me!
That's it!
Suicides! Baseline! Now!
(BLOWS WHISTLE)
Run.
Ted, there is not
a single thing on here
that you are too old to do.
In fact, if
you did everything
on the Murtaugh list,
I'd call that
a pretty fun
weekend.
Barney,
you are not
18 anymore.
If you did
everything on that
list, you would die.
That wasn't a challenge.
Challenge accepted.
In the next 24 hours,
I'm going to do every
single thing on this list.
And after I do, you will TP
the laser tag place with me.
And if you can't do it?
I will spend three hours
listening to you
talk about architecture.
You have got
yourself a deal.
Robin,
will you do the honors?
A gentlemen's agreement!
Huzzah!
All right, chumps,
let's do this.
Barney Stinson!
You really want to make this
bet with him? You know how
he is.
Robin, there is
some pretty tough
stuff on that list.
(LAUGHING) Do
you really think Barney's
gonna get his ear pierced?
"Get ear pierced." Check.
All right, I'm off to go
do laundry at Mom's house.
Hey, you guys mind if
I crash on your futon
tonight?
We don't have a futon.
Put it over there, boys.
What's going on?
It's on the Murtaugh list.
"Crash on a friend's futon
instead of getting a hotel
room."
I am too old
for that stuff.
Dude,
what's going
on with your ear?
It looks like the inside of
a jack-o'-lantern on
November 3rd.
What, this?
Just a little infectsh.
Nothing a young guy
like me can't shake
off.
Plus, "Put off going to
the doctor," on the list.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Oh. Hold on.
Go for...
(YELLS IN PAIN)
(CACKLING)
Keep running!
You know what's funny is
I was supposed to come
here to teach them...
Do not stop running!
This whole time,
they've been the ones
who are teaching me. Hey!
(KID SCREAMING)
That's
not running!
That's falling!
OLDER TED: The next morning,
Barney woke up on the futon
in our living room.
(SCREAMING IN PAIN)
Check.
"Drinking shots
with strangers."
Check.
You okay, Barney?
It looks like you
hurt your back.
Oh, no.
Just rocking
a party hunch. I like it.
Closer to my booze. To youth.
Can I get a straw?
I must say, there is
something admirable
about the way
Barney wants to
stay young at heart.
I mean,
who wants
to get old?
This guy.
Robin, life is a meal
and old age is the dessert.
I spend so much of my time
worrying about the future.
You know, "Where's my career
going? Who am I gonna marry?"
But
when you're old,
you don't worry,
'cause all that
stuff's already
happened.
Plus, you get to
wear comfy shoes,
and a chair takes you up and
down the stairs. It's perfect.
That's
not perfect.
That's pathetic.
You can't
just jump to the end.
The journey is the best part.
Oh, Robin,
I used to feel
that way, too,
but you'll understand when
you're a little bit older.
Marshall, can you try
not to pick on the
kids today?
I'm not picking
on the kids, Lily.
I'm picking
on the culture of
losing around here.
I got to get them in shape
if they're gonna win that
game tomorrow.
(SCOFFING) Win?
We don't keep score.
What?
You don't keep...
What's the point of
playing if you don't
keep score?
How do you know...
Lily,
what were you doing with
this team before I got here?
I was coaching them.
BOY: Whee!
That's it,
my little angels.
You're all luminous,
wonderful beings
of light.
What's the score?
It's all tied
up at fun to fun!
(CHEERING)
Because
that's the point of
playing, to have fun.
No.
The point of playing
is to win the trophy.
And if you don't
know who's winning,
who gets the trophy?
Everyone.
It's a participation trophy.
Everyone gets one.
It's like you're
speaking Chinese
to me right now.
(BEEPS)
Hi, this is Barney.
And Robin.
We can't answer
the phone right
now because...
He's watching
sports and I'm...
Probably out shopping.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Uh-oh!
Leave a message
and we'll call you
back just as soon...
As...
We...
Can!
"Leave an annoying
two-person message
"on your answering machine."
Check.
Probably gonna cost me
some dates, but it's okay.
Barney,
your ear's
starting to smell.
No, it's good.
I hate to send it
back, but you did describe
the turkey as extremely lean,
and, well, you tell me.
All right. That's it.
We have our own list.
What?
This is
a list of things
you're too young to do.
Go out and do each
one of these things
and then
tell me you still
want to be an old man.
Hmm.
Remove "Colonoscopy"
and "Have sex with
an old lady,"
and this is a cakewalk.
New stakes, then.
If I can finish your
list before you finish mine,
you have to come
with me to TP
laser tag,
and you have to
buy the toilet paper.
And none of
that biodegradable crap.
I want it up there forever.
Fine, but if I
finish your list first,
it's a six-hour survey
of early 20th-century
American architecture,
and you can never do anything
on the Murtaugh list ever
again.
It's for your own good.
You, sir,
have got yourself a deal.
A gentlemen's agreement!
Huzzah!
(EXCLAIMING IN PAIN)
Marshall,
they're in
kindergarten.
This isn't how
you teach basketball.
Sure it is.
It's the way I learned.
Are you kidding me? What kind
of sociopath taught you this
way?
Come on, Dad. I'm tired.
Sleep is for winners.
You can go to bed
when you score
a basket.
I'm trying.
Let's give you two
points for trying.
But negative two points
for having a great big
head.
My father
gave me no quarter,
and I asked for no quarter.
I totally gotta call that guy.
Keep stretching!
"Put on reading glasses."
Check.
"Yell at neighborhood kids."
My pleasure.
Hey.
What the hell
happened to you?
Oh, I just had a very
minor blew-out-my-knee-and-
it-hurts-like-hell incident.
How'd you blow
out your knee?
We "Helped
someone move out of
a sixth-floor walk-up
"in exchange for pizza
and beer."
Or we helped someone
rob a sixth-floor
walk-up.
They were in
a big hurry and left
all the pictures behind.
Whatevs. It counts.
Now I am off to
"Dye my hair a funny color,"
and then we are
going to "Go to
a rave."
(IMITATING TECHNO MUSIC)
Mmm-hmm.
Ooh! 4:00!
Supper time.
Okay. So,
your dad was
tough on you.
That stinks,
but you don't
have to be like him.
You can learn
from his mistakes.
Mistakes?
Lily, scoreboard.
The guy nailed it, okay?
He taught me
how to be a winner.
That's what I'm
teaching these kids.
And, for that matter,
that's what
I'm gonna teach
our kids someday.
Okay, that's it.
This is not how we're
gonna raise our kids!
And this is
not how you're
gonna coach this team!
At tomorrow's game,
if you are anything less
than a teddy bear
stuffed with cotton
candy and rainbows,
I will silent-treatment
your ass into the ground!
You'll think the time
I found your Internet
search history was
a freaking picnic!
Are we clear?
Lily,
there are
many different...
Are we clear?
Yes, ma'am.
You know,
what's ironic
is that now...
Lily, no!
(TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING)
Just call Ted.
I want to go home.
All right. I'm calling him.
But it's 4:30 in the morning.
He's not
going to be awake.
"Up at 4:00." Check.
Is he answering?
I haven't dialed yet.
Oh, please hurry, Robin.
(PHONE RINGING)
Ooh, perfect.
"Take forever to
answer the phone."
Come on, Ted. Someone gave me
some aspirin and I don't
think it was aspirin.
(EXCLAIMING IN PAIN)
(PHONE RINGING)
(BEEPS)
Check.
So, I know that I have been
a little tough on you for
the past couple days.
And I apologize for that.
So today,
we're not gonna
worry about winning.
We're gonna go out
there and have fun.
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
OLDER TED:
Kids, over the years,
your uncle Marshall
has told and retold
the story of this
game hundreds of
times.
And in reality, the
kids on that other team were
probably only a grade older.
But in telling
and retelling the story,
they came to look like this.
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
Yay!
Way to let them
score that easily.
Now you're sitting down.
Awesome.
Addison, it's not soccer.
You don't kick the ball!
Unless
that's something
that you think is fun,
in which case,
great job having fun.
Whoa,
that was a foul,
wasn't it, ref?
My name's not Ref. It's Kenny.
And watch your tone.
No tone, Kenny.
Great job, Kenny.
Thanks a lot, Kenny.
See you later, Kenny.
All right,
Barney. As your manager,
I'm throwing in the towel.
This bet is over.
Your ear
looks like a free Danish
at a continental breakfast.
(GROANING)
No. No.
One thing left.
"Beer bong."
Oh! Coming right up.
I found
these weird Russian
beers in the basement.
Russian beers?
I'll take a brewski.
(CHUCKLING) Hey.
Brewski. Get it?
Yeah, it's a little warm.
Hope that's
not a problem.
(EXCLAIMING)
Don't. Okay.
Don't, don't, don't.
(EXCLAIMING)
All right, Ted.
You win. I hate this.
I hate all of it.
My back is killing me.
Everyone at the rave
thought I was a narc.
My ear hurts so
bad I can hear it.
I can
hear my own ear.
Think about that.
My clothes...
What is it...
What am I...
Get this stuff off of me!
Ted, I'll pay you
double for your
finest suit.
Here's 30 bucks.
And throw in the shoes.
You win, Ted.
I'll never do anything
on the Murtaugh list again.
I'm too old for this stuff.
You know,
Barney, last night,
I went to bed at 8:00
because it was on the list,
and I couldn't sleep
because, well, it
was 8:00.
So I decided to
watch Lethal Weapon.
And then, when
I still couldn't sleep,
I watched ethal Weapon 2.
And then I watched .
And then,
halfway through
Lethal Weapon 4
is when it occurred to me.
Murtaugh kept saying,
"I'm too old for
this stuff,"
but every time he'd say it,
he'd turn around, make
another movie
and do more stuff.
I guess what
I'm saying is,
screw being old.
Let's go TP laser tag, huh?
Yeah.
And then the hospital.
Great job, guys.
At least we're not
keeping score, right?
No idea what the score is.
Could be 53 to zero.
Could be some other score.
It's 53 to zero.
What are we
doing wrong,
Coach?
You know what?
You're not doing
anything wrong.
It's great that
you guys are losing,
because in life,
it doesn't matter how
much effort you put in,
or how hard you try,
people will just
give you things
like diplomas and
jobs and promotions.
So, it doesn't matter
what you do out there,
as long as you have fun.
OLDER TED: At that point,
because they didn't want to
fight in front of the kids,
your uncle Marshall
and aunt Lily
had one of their
telepathic conversations.
LILY: Don't you
give me that look.
MARSHALL:
Lily, I can't
take it anymore!
Your way of
coaching is crazy!
LILY: Stop yelling at me!
MARSHALL: Sorry.
But can I please do it
my way?
LILY: Fine, but I'm going
to do it my way, too. I'm
getting my guitar.
OLDER TED:
I don't know if it was
Marshall's tough attitude,
Lily's gentle encouragement
or some magical
combination of
the two,
but in the second
half of that game,
that ragtag group of
little firecrackers
got beat down even worse.
In fact, according to
your uncle Marshall,
in the second half, the
other team got even taller.
And one of them
turned into a Teen Wolf.
Kenny!
There is a Teen
Wolf on the court!
That can't be legal.
I know the Teen Wolf
looks different, kids,
but try to make
sure he feels
included.
(HOWLING)
Oh, yeah!
How is that not
traveling, Kenny?
You're killing me!
You are absolutely
killing me!
Hey, watch it, Coach,
or you'll get a technical.
Oh, Kenny,
I'm begging you to
give me a technical.
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
OLDER TED:
When the final
horn mercifully blew,
the score
was, by Marshall's
estimate, 118 to nothing.
And even though they
didn't win anything,
everyone, even the coach,
got a participation trophy.
I understand if
you don't want it.
I love it.
I just... I worked
so hard. It feels good
to be
appreciated
for my effort.
I know, baby.
Maybe your way is
not totally stupid.
Thanks.
Your way is
totally stupid.
Ow!
McCRACKEN: Stinson!
Son,
you have been a pain in
my ass ever since you
joined this club.
But damn it, if this ain't
some of the finest TP
work I've ever seen.
You're reinstated,
effective immediately.
Really?
Hell, no!
I'm calling the police!
Grown-ass
man with pink hair
throwing toilet paper.
You've got
to be kidding me,
I'm too old for this...
OLDER TED: Stuff,
he said, "Stuff."